-[chattering]
-[children playing]
[laughing]
Tarao! You want a tomato?
-Oh, thanks, Kuku.
-[chuckles]
[children laughing]
-Let's go then! [laughs]
-[laughs] Okay. Just hold on a sec.
[child] No way, slowpoke.
Mimihime?
Don't space out too long up here.
You're gonna be late for class.
[sighs]
We're going to have a test today.
What? There's nothing
on the schedule about that.
I know, but we are.
We have a test today.
[all] Huh?
-You never said.
-Are you serious?
I'd like to object.
Aren't you supposed to
give us time to study?
Relax,
you probably would have failed anyway.
-Hey!
-[chuckles]
[robot teacher] All right. Settle down.
As long as you've been paying attention
in class, you'll be just fine.
-There are only ten questions.
-Hmm…
[Kuku] Hmm.
If it's supposed to be a fish,
why does it have arms?
Ah.
Well, they're to help it
catch other fish, of course.
[Kuku] Have you seen that before?
[chuckles] Oh, no, I just made it up!
[Kuku] Oh.
I like it.
I'm flattered.
[Kuku] You always draw such weird stuff.
But this one is super funny.
Can I have it to show the director?
-As soon as I'm done.
-[Kuku] Okay.
[robot teacher] Fifteen minutes remaining.
[grunts] Come on.
-[electronic shutdown]
-[grunts]
[sighs]
Outside…
the outside?
[rocks scattering]
[crows cawing]
Hey, you want to do
some treasure hunting today?
Hmm. Yeah, I could do that.
This neighborhood
doesn't seem too trashed.
We just gotta find houses
that haven't been broken into.
Great! Then what are we waiting for?
[scavenger] It's still locked.
That's a good sign.
Uh, wait, Maru?
Hey, Maru! Where are ya?
Over here, Sis! I found us a way in!
[chuckles] Wonder how a place like this
was left alone for so long.
Even the windows are barely broken.
[glass shatters]
Whoa, it's a total wreck in here.
Well, let's have ourselves a look around.
[Maru grunts]
[chuckles] Oh, brand-new toothbrush.
[Maru shouts] Sis!
-[rustling]
-Got some unopened toilet paper here!
Seriously? Nice! Toss me one, I'm dying.
Hmm. Okay.
[grunts]
[sighs]
Working or not, it kind of rules
to use a normal toilet again.
-Hey! Don't look in here! Keep walking.
-Why wouldn't you just shut the door?
-There is no door, idiot.
-[sighs]
[stairs creak]
[sighs] Take a look at the roof.
No wonder this place is such a dump.
-[Maru] I'm so hungry.
-[Sis] Yeah, but don't talk about it.
If you talk about it,
I have to think about it.
Oh…
I'm just saying…
Looks like they starved.
A lot of people who survived the Collapse
died of starvation.
So if they passed away in their own home,
I don't think we're gonna
find any food here.
Come on. We should go.
[Maru] Mm-hmm.
Sis, did you look around very much?
This place is freaking fancy, dude.
[Sis] Yeah, the people who lived here
must've been super rich.
Whoa, you finally opened the canned food?
Nice.
Well, we didn't exactly
find anything new to eat.
Oh, hey.
Would you go find a couple plates?
Can do.
Oh, I'm so excited. [chuckles]
Huh.
What's all this green stuff?
Just some weeds I found growing
around here.They looked edible.
Figured the extra fiber
would help us fill up a bit more.
[gasps]
[crunch]
[gasps, splutters]
-[Maru] It's so bitter.
-[Sis] Make it stop. Spit it out!
[coughing, gagging]
Man, that crap stunk out the whole dish.
Now what do we do?
I'm sorry.
That was the only canned food we had.
[Sis] I said I'm sorry!
[raindrops pattering]
Is that guy your boyfriend or something?
What are you doing awake?
[Maru] Nothing.
I just take forever to fall asleep.
You always zonk out way before I do.
Wow, I suck as a bodyguard then.
Sorry about that.
You know you can quit
and go home if you want, right?
I'll be fine on my own.
[chuckles]
This guy is an old friend,
and the other is a doctor I'm looking for.
I thought we might run into them
or find someone who knows them.
Two birds with one stone and all that.
-So I'm good to keep going for a while.
-[sighs]
Sleep. I'm not just gonna take off
in the middle of the night, okay?
See you in the morning.
[thunderclap]
[wind whistling]
[crow screeches]
HASSOU INN
[footsteps approaching]
[Sis] All right,
where do you want to go today?
[Maru] Beats me.
It's not like we have a lead or anything.
But I am sick of
wandering around aimlessly.
[chuckles]
Okay, then let's find some people.
Look for a place that might be inhabited.
[Maru] Somewhere inhabited…
Uh, maybe somewhere with farmland,
or we can hit up some train stations
as long as we're still in the city.
[Sis] Yeah, that sounds promising.
Let's walk down the tracks for a bit.
Sound good? Whatcha think?
Let's go! But I'll need to find
some new shoes out there.
[grunts]
We'll keep an eye out for a store.
[Maru] But before that,
I'm desperate for some tasty food.
What does that mean? If you're still mad
at me from yesterday, just say it.
Huh?
Wait, no.
I wasn't thinking about that at all.
Well, maybe you should've been.
Guys like you say dumb stuff by mistake
because you don't think
before you open your big mouths.
-[grunts]
-[gulps]
[thug snickers]
[grunts]
Would you look at that?
-Oh, I am. And I like what I see.
-What are you ladies doing?
Well, I'm being a man.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
Great, the little blond brat's a guy.
-I am too, actually.
-You liar!
Now why don't you
lay down that heavy load, little lady?
Come let Big Papa take you to heaven.
-[Sis sighs]
-[bag thuds]
Cool, so you're just a gang of pervs.
-[hammer cocks]
-That's a real shame.
[gasps]
We're almost out of bullets.
Don't waste it on them.
Hey, you guys should scram
if you want to live.
So a human life
is worth less than a couple bullets.
Better not take our chances
with a couple of power-hungry punks
from the lawless generation.
Who knows what they're capable of.
Not like you could hit us anyway,
stupid girl!
[grunts]
Hmm.
Hey! Wait a second.
Is that even a real gun?
[sighs]
Oh, what's this now?
Whatcha dropping, dollface?
I knew I'd never seen a gun
shaped like that before.
She's trying to bluff us
with a children's toy.
[scoffs]
Time to go.
Not so fast! My boys
won't let you get away that easily.
[grunts]
-[knife swooshes]
-[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[weapon clatters]
-[Maru grunts]
-[thug groans]
-Aw, man…
-[creaking]
[all screaming]
[groaning]
[Sis] Hi.
One of you said something
about taking me to heaven, right?
He was just joking.
-[hammer cocks]
-[whimpers]
We just so happen to be
looking for heaven.
So lead the way.
Wow, awfully big place you got here
for just the five of you.
Whatcha think?
Anything around here catch your attention?
Hmm, not really.
[Sis] Yeah,
this is about as anti-heaven as it gets.
[chuckles] Whoa! Holy crap!
You guys have a generator here?
Pretty cool. Can I charge this?
Why would I let you
do a thing like that? [whimpers]
I don't think you grasp
the reality of your situation, pal.
We may have come out on top,
but you dorks still tried to ambush us.
I could kill you right now
and it would be totally justified.
We'll take off as soon as
the battery is full, okay?
Please.
[groans]
So, hey, as long as we're hanging around,
any of you guys heard of
a place called "Heaven"?
At this point, anywhere
with "heaven" in the name,
or even just a place
you think feels "like heaven" will do.
What do you think?
Everything remotely close to heaven
got wiped out years ago.
Yeah, I'm aware of that. Thank you.
That's why I made the question simpler.
Well, do you guys like tomatoes?
Hey, back already?
Why did you ask? You bring me some?
Nope, but if you like 'em,
then I've heard of a place out in
the country you might consider heavenly.
-You like tomatoes, don't you?
-Love 'em.
Cool, give us the deets.
[thug] Here.
Ah! Thank you so much!
What's the battery for exactly?
Well, for my gun.
[all] You-- You brat!
Then you've been controlling us this whole
time with a gun that doesn't shoot?
I didn't even know if it was gonna fire
out in the street earlier.
I just got lucky.
-This guy knows.
-[thugs groan]
Morons!
I hope you both get eaten by a bear.
Learn to respect your elders!
[thugs whimper, shout]
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Phew, that was close.
[sighs] Those old idiots
were never any real danger.
But we got this thing charged.
I feel way better walking around
with four shots in the tank.
Yeah, I wouldn't count too hard
on that fourth shot if I were you.
That thing misfires a lot.
Fair enough. Now off to "Tomato Heaven."
[both laugh]
[Maru] "Tomato Heaven"? So dumb.
[student] I don't feel like that's the
best way to hold an exam. And the teacher…
Mimihime, how did you know
there was gonna be a test?
I'm not really sure.
It just kind of felt that way, I guess.
But I know one thing
beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Even if you do know a test is on the way,
that doesn't mean
you'll know all the answers.
[student sighs]
Well, now that we're done with class,
any of you guys want to go play ball?
Huh?
Eh, I want to keep working on this.
Anzu?
No, I'm out too.
Not like I can ever
win against you anyway.
What about you?
Sorry, we have
something important to discuss. Right?
[students grunt, laugh]
All right then.
Guess I'll get Kona to come out and play.
[all gasp]
Those reflexes. How is that possible?
Kona!
[Mimihime] You said something about
the outside during the test, right?
[student] Ah, no, that was…
[Mimihime] What do you think
the outside world is like?
I don't know.
[grunts]
But I guess I like all the green.
[Mimihime] Not here.
I mean outside this wall.
Oh! I didn't think
there was another outside.
Isn't it just nothing?
There's gotta be something.
At least I've always had
this weird feeling that there is.
And lately, I've been able to
picture it way more clearly.
[Mimihime] Whenever I think about how much
I want to go out beyond the wall,
two people from the other side
I've never met before come to help me.
DO YOU WANT TO GO OUTSIDE
OF THE OUTSIDE?
And one of those people
looks exactly like you.
[footsteps]
[student] Outside my room…
outside the school…
W-What's outside, outside?
[stranger] Tokio?
[Tokio] Madame Director.
If you can't sleep,
I can administer a sedative.
No, thank you. Um…
Is there an outside, like,
beyond this one?
[grunts]
Goodness,
did you think of that yourself, dear?
[Tokio] Mimihime did.
My, that child's intuition
is awfully sharp, isn't it?
[aide] Director.
[Director groans] Don't fret.
They all have to learn one day.
-Tokio.
-[grunts]
As a matter of fact, there is.
[Sis] Hey, Maru,
it may surprise you to hear this,
coming from your bodyguard, but--
[Maru] I don't think anything you say
would surprise me at this point.
I can't walk anymore.
You what?
[Sis] Don't give me that.
We've been sleeping outdoors,
climbing entire mountains,
there's nothing to eat, nowhere to sleep.
I'm at my limit.
All that talk of there being shops
and food and people
on every corner before the Collapse…
Tell me that wasn't a lie!
Well it's not gonna be true
while we're in the country.
You really are a city girl, huh?
Bet your ass I am.
Tokyo through and through.
-[thud]
-Ah!
Come on,
let's go find a decent spot to sleep.
[groans]
Where do you get all that energy from?
Is it your youth?
Shut up. We're basically the same age.
[Sis] You're 15, right?
[Maru] I think so. You?
[Sis] I'm 18. Uh, wait, no. I'm 20.
[Maru] What's with the two-year gap?
[Sis] I'm not good with numbers, okay?
[chickens clucking]
[Sis] No freaking way.
[both gasp]
Is this place open?
[inn owner] We are, yes.
[inn owner] Nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
All right, that'll do it.
Are you sure that's enough for two?
It's so cheap.
I-- I feel bad.
Here, take these too.
[gasps] Oh, my goodness.
Brand new double-A's. Thanks so much.
You have a guest book.
Can I take a look at it?
Go for it.
Wow!
You can't get batteries like this anymore!
Especially all the way out here.
Not in here.
Have either of these guys ever come by?
Ooh, he's handsome.
If he had, I'd remember.
What's his name?
[Sis] Robin Inazaki.
Hmm. Doesn't ring a bell.
What about the older one with the scar?
You know what? I don't know.
Everyone just called him "Doctor"
or "Doc" or "Sir."
[inn owner] Ah, I see.
Oh, wait.
Uh, before I forget, have you
ever heard of a place called "Heaven"?
Hmm.
Well, that's how
everyone describes this place.
This is heaven!
-Kiruko.
-[gasps]
[Kiriko grunts] Hi! Yup, hi. I'm good.
[grunts] Hey! Uh…
Th-the mirror! There's a huge crack
in the mirror over here.
I was just looking at it.
Oh.
I just wanted to let you know
the shower doesn't work,
but you can use the hot bath water.
Soap and shampoo are outside.
Feel free to use whatever you like.
We have a pretty wide variety.
The one's on the left-hand side
are all shampoo.
[water running]
[Kiruko] Dang.
We don't have any power reserves here,
so you'll need to use that
while the sun is up.
Okay.
[hair dryer blowing]
Ma'am,
that case in the corner,
do you keep a gun in there?
Ah, yes. There's a monster
that prowls this area at night.
Stay inside and you'll be fine.
-Hey, do you think it's…
-What?
-The Hiruko!
-You mean a "Man-eater"?
People call them all kinds of
different things,
but they're, like, these big, freaky,
confusing monsters that eat people.
-Is that it?
-[sighs]
If you want, we could kill it for you.
That's not--
Guns have no effect on it.
[Kiruko] Bullets don't.
But my Kiru-Beam works on them just fine.
Ask this one.
Your Kiru-Beam?
[Kiruko] What?
[Maru] Kiru-Beam…
As in a beam that you, Kiruko, can use?
[Kiruko] Yeah, you caught on.
Now drop it already.
-You're gonna make her think I'm weird.
-[Maru] You are weird, Sis.
Everything about this is weird.
[crickets chirping]
[inn owner] I've made a stew with some
boar meat and veggies, if you'd like some.
-Whoa, really? I would love some.
-[chuckles]
[blows]
Tastes so good! [chuckles]
I'd like to discuss something with you
for a second,
though it's tough to find the right words.
Despite growing up in a world
that's devoid of ethics or morality,
you both seem very well educated.
You have manners,
you can use chopsticks, et cetera.
I may be meddling,
but I feel like I have to say something.
This is not my opinion
or a hard-and-fast rule,
but the fact remains,
having a child of incest
is fundamentally dangerous!
Sorry, back up. What did you say?
You've got it all wrong.
I know he keeps calling me "Sis,"
but just look at this face for a second.
These faces aren't even slightly related!
And more directly to the point,
we're not even slightly dating!
Huh?
Oopsie.
Looks like I jumped to conclusions.
-[laughs]
-Give me a freaking break!
[sighs] We're traveling together for work
and that's literally it.
I run an odd-job business out of Tokyo.
I accepted a request to be his bodyguard
and now we're here.
He is nothing to me
beyond an object of my protection, okay?
What's the matter?
Why are you suddenly so down?
And why are you moving so far away?
-Hey, are you mad about something?
-[groans]
[softly snoring]
[Kiruko] Huh.
So today you fall asleep immediately.
Sounds good to me.
Might as well hit the hay myself. [grunts]
[grunts]
Wow.
Am I really that tired?
Something feels weird…
[loading bullets]
[Tokio] Is there an outside, like,
beyond this one?
As a matter of fact, yes, there is.
However, it's a filthy, decrepit world,
-crawling with monsters.
-[monster screeches]
It's hell.
[screeching]